[PL-50895] Note for cleaning up the user accounts in FirstGen (#6673)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/get-started/upgrading/upgrade-nextgen-cd.md

Added an account setting, `allowCrossGenerationAccess`, that you can use to enable cross generational access between CD FirstGen and NextGen. This setting is visible to CD subscribed (free/paid account) users only. This setting can be changed by account admins only.

:::info note

> After migrating from FirstGen to NextGen, please clean up the user accounts in FirstGen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After migrating to NextGen, make sure to clean up the user accounts in FirstGen.
```
